SC Overview (#1228)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/secure-connections.md

  <div className="box-wrapper" markdown="1">
    <div className="box box1 card">
      <div className="container">
      <h3><a href="/secure-connections/sauce-connect">Sauce Connect Proxy Overview</a></h3>

>       <p>Learn about Sauce Connect Proxy system requirements and how to install the client.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>See the Sauce Connect Proxy system requirements and learn how to install the client.</p>
```

>       <p>Learn about Sauce Connect Proxy system requirements and how to install the client.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>See the Sauce Connect Proxy system requirements and learn how to install the client.</p>
```
^The description for the overview doesn't seem to align with the content in the linked topic.

      </div>
    </div>
    <div className="box box2 card">
      <div className="container">
      <h3><a href="/secure-connections/sauce-connect/#setup-and-configuration">Setup and Configuration</a></h3>

>       <p>Find the right Sauce Connect Proxy tunnel configuration for you and your organization.</p>

Reviewer: ^The description for the overview doesn't seem to align with the content in the linked topic -- the setup and configuration topic doesn't explicitly provide the info needed to determine which tunnel config to use (I found the info in this section: /secure-connections/#choosing-the-right-solution)

  </div>
</div>

For more information, see our [Sauce IPSec Proxy white paper](https://saucelabs.com/resources/white-papers/sauce-ipsec-proxy-overview), or contact your Customer Success Manager or Sauce Labs Sales Engineer.

## Choosing the Right Solution

> Sauce Connect Proxy and Sauce IPSec Proxy accomplish the same thing: establish a secure connection between apps hosted on a customer's private network and Sauce Labs cloud virtual machines and real devices. The main differences are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sauce Connect Proxy and Sauce IPSec Proxy allow you to establish a secure connection between apps hosted on a private network and Sauce Labs cloud virtual machines and real devices. The main differences are:
```

Reviewer: Although out of scope for this PR, the descriptions in the table below refer to the reader as "customer", which we should change to "you/your".
